Add documentation for sampling mode in tail (#8788)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

{{</definitions>}}

> After starting `wrangler tail`, you will receive a live feed of console and exception logs for each request your Worker receives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After starting `wrangler tail`, you will receive a live feed of console and exception logs for each request your Worker receives.
```

> If your worker has a high volume of traffic, the tail might enter "sampling mode". This will cause some of your messages to be dropped and a warning to appear in your tail logs. To prevent messages from being dropped, add the optional filters listed above to reduce the volume of tail messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Worker has a high volume of traffic, the tail might enter sampling mode" This will cause some of your messages to be dropped and a warning to appear in your tail logs. To prevent messages from being dropped, add the options listed above to filter the volume of tail messages.
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> It may take up to 1 minute for a tail to exit sampling mode after adding filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may take up to 1 minute (60 seconds) for a tail to exit sampling mode after adding an option.
```

Reviewer: Will this take "up to 1 minute" or will it take "up to 1 minute or more"?

Reviewer 2: Instead of finishing with "an option" can that be "a filter"?

Author: Up to 1 minute, for option/filter how about `It may take up to 1 minute (60 seconds) for a tail to exit sampling mode after adding options to filter tail messages`

> It may take up to 1 minute (60 seconds) for a tail to exit sampling mode after adding an option to filter tail messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may take up to 1 minute (60 seconds) for a tail to exit sampling mode after adding an option to filter tail messages.
```

{{</Aside>}}

> If sampling persists after using filters, consider using [instant logs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/instant-logs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If sampling persists after using an option to filter messages, consider using [instant logs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/instant-logs/).
```
